I think that I would like to talk about how to grow Rhodan semamu this time
Rhodan semamu processed bending and sound like a flower
It's a shallow plant, so it's a spring flower
8 If you turn this whitish, it may be pinkish
Of such a strong color
This is a feature that is central
Yes
Because it is a plant that blooms early in spring
Ne it will become only the leaves are after the summer
This Rhodan semamu with flowers that bloom early spring
It is characterized by being weak to heat as a point of raising
I think it seems like there is no better feature .
Ah
So is vulnerable to heat the do not feel that careful
It is summer hot summer one
It seems to be as dry as it is in summer as it is as it is as it is as it is
In a well-ventilated several-round place
Please move
If I go over summer and grow autumn stocks in the spring of the next year, it will become quite large stock in the spring of the next year, so that
I of this do with but did you say before this species does not
I do my best by all means as it is about twice and three times this way and it becomes large and many flowers bloom.
Please let me over the summer Yes
8 o Place It's a place where it is sunny in spring and fall
Please stop by the end of the day Water hates that much of it
Johanna originally a little water often Kedomo prefer the day because the plants that are growing in the mountains
Nor
It is easy to grow leaf tobacco, so it will be steamed as well, so planting it in a place c is a good sushi
Please plant in well-drained soil
And so fertilizer is spring and autumn growing season so please give it to the spring postcard
That's it
Cold is not so strong, so I overtake in the house in winter and live
I think that it is not a feature of the elements because I do not use pests in particular
There is one more point to note after the previous year
When this flower is finished
I have to pick flowers, but I'm sorry I can not get it
Please listen
Only there
By say
It is a plant that is very useful for spring pitch planting, but it's a wonderful plant when it comes to a big wall
All means because there is also a
More please try to summer over Good luck with caution It is summer over
It was how to grow Rhodan semamu